{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw5940\paperh13680\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Beacon:\
\
0: The Beacon ha a SSID of \'91Beacon-Access-Point\'92.\
\
1: When the SSID is selected, the Beacon will connect you, and automatically pop a webpage directly to your device.  This is called a captive portal and is used in this instance to formally log onto the Beacon itself.   If logon is accepted, the Lead board will  also display in the captive portal for ease of use.   However, should you want to actually see the lead board in a browser, I recommend the Chrome browser using the URI http://127.0.0.1.  \
\
2: The default password for the device is \'91123456789\'92.  However, you can amend this by editing the file /www/pwd.cfg on the SD card and rebooting.  A few things to note, the file must remain in this folder, and the file name must not change and the finally the pwd must be 9 char in length.  \
\
Note: if Beacon fails to locate the pwd file, it will simply use the Default.  You will now Beacon is using the default, because the logon page will display as normal, but there will be an \'91*\'92 after the words \'91Wifi Password\'92.\
\
3: Beacon, does NOT allow the adding/removing of changing player names/teams using the web pages.  It is however, possible to add/remove/edit players by access the players.txt file on the SD card in the folder WWW.\
\
File Format:\
The file is a simply text file and must remain so.  The first line of the file must be the head record containing the field names*^. The names of the field are \'91id\'92, \'91name\'92,\'92score\'92 and \'91team\'92.  \
After this record, you can enter the names, scores and teams of the players.  When setting an id, it may be numbers and/or letters but these must the unique for each player,  a simple counter will work best. Finally,  the use of the char \'91,\'92 is restricted and must only appear as the field delimiter and may not be used as part of the id, name, score or team.\
\
Sample file:\
\
id,Name,Score,Team\
01,James,145, Avg Joes\
02,Bill b,225, Above Avg\
03,Bobs  g,918, Bobs Bits\
04,Groat,1101, I AM\
05,Star Lord,12, Me Me ME\
\
\
Note, if there is a file called players.txt.old, simply ignore this.\
* for now, these are restricted and must not be changed or added to.\
^ these fields should remain in the sequence id, name, score and team.}